feat(lambda): add support for ephemeral storage (#19552)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-lambda/README.md

});
```

## Ephemeral Storage

> You can configure ephemeral storage (/tmp) between 512 MB and 10,240 MB, and you can now control the amount of ephemeral storage a function gets for reading or writing data, allowing you to use AWS Lambda for ETL jobs, ML inference, or other data-intensive workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure ephemeral storage on a function to control the amount of storage it gets for reading
or writing data, allowing you to use AWS Lambda for ETL jobs, ML inference, or other data-intensive workloads.
The ephemeral storage will be accessible in the functions' `/tmp` directory.
```

});
```

## Ephemeral Storage

You can configure ephemeral storage on a function to control the amount of storage it gets for reading
or writing data, allowing you to use AWS Lambda for ETL jobs, ML inference, or other data-intensive workloads.
The ephemeral storage will be accessible in the functions' `/tmp` directory.

```ts
const fn = new lambda.Function(this, 'MyFunction', {
  runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_12_X,
  handler: 'index.handler',
  code: lambda.Code.fromAsset(path.join(__dirname, 'lambda-handler')),
  ephemeralStorageSize: 1024,
});
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Read more about using this feature in [this AWS blog post](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/aws-lambda-now-supports-up-to-10-gb-ephemeral-storage/).
```
